welcome back today we're going to be
playing naruto shippuden ultimate ninja
storm two for the xbox 360 I've don't
reckon I'm an Ambu block up and we're
waiting for a rate online match we just
got somebody who's 0 ranking an Ambu
black ops leader and then recommend blue
black ops and its ranking is nearly
twice as high as mine and we have 30
seconds to choose our characters I'm
going to go was so I usually go with
which include contra su partner Eden
mortal duel another member of the
Petoskey saw mate and he shows a minute
over Jiraiya and Naruto you can be
fighting i guess the grass ways ferrari
currently in building this match can get
dell a minute o is extremely quick but
Congress who has a raised long range
toss in order to counter minute chills
charge so we'll see what happens these
Melia long-range fighter and Congress it
was prompt primarily a minute hose
mainly a closer and tighter and caucuses
primarily long-range fighter so he'll
probably get try to get my distance and
if he does go to Mallory and checking
someone he did
44 okay
tammy now trying to get them of their
tough
did shatter my defense a little bit and
there's no quarter behind me he got me
into it cost
he's on my range in charge of the Roger
Gunson menorah
Austin
toss to again we can escape
so in this time
mr. Ryan
magic stuff at the time there
charging up even block like this
dad with the comedian shoe he's halfway
deck has potential to transform just
dodged my special attack I think I tap
late twice
that attack only works well special
people
type of Jiraiya not armed
pretty much even with mountains of t
feel a lot more chakra Dashon all over
in California I gotta talk again
unfortunately those ways to be less a
even
I just mentioned dodge the special
attack maybe not quite over here that's
your dodge my attack some of the
Sarmatian
through there so once again we're
challenged house fatima kakuzu he
tendered his sovereign proper factory
this chuckles staffs I gotta be ranked
they're 2708
q increase to my Rincon
he had a ranking of nearly twice as high
as mine so if you're kakuzu your melee
longridge fighting fear into tell you
remain a closed room Twitter
twittering got two up
the defense at my defense gets chills
range fighters is my toss I can't keep
my distance thank you for watching
he takes my flashlight come true